Add a file which references some useful crates to use for writing tests (#617)
google/comprehensive-rust: src/testing/useful-crates.md

## Useful crates for writing tests

Rust comes with only basic support for writing tests.

Here are some additional crates which we recommend for writing tests:

> * [googletest](https://crates.io/crates/googletest): Comprehensive test assertion library in the tradition of GoogleTest for C++.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [googletest](https://docs.rs/googletest): Comprehensive test assertion library in the tradition of GoogleTest for C++.
```

> * [proptest](https://crates.io/crates/proptest): Property-based testing for Rust.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [proptest](https://docs.rs/proptest): Property-based testing for Rust.
```

> * [rstest](https://crates.io/crates/rstest): Support for fixtures and parameterised tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [rstest](https://docs.rs/rstest): Support for fixtures and parameterised tests.
```
